HACDOCS-436: Creating README content for Python code sample. (#25)
devfile-samples/devfile-sample-python-basic: README.md

# Creating an application with a Python code sample

**Note:** The Python code sample uses the **8081** HTTP port.

Before you begin creating an application with this `devfile` code sample, it's helpful to understand the relationship between the `devfile` and `Dockerfile` and how they contribute to your build. You can find these files at the following URLs:

* [Python `devfile.yaml`](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-python-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml)
* [Python `Dockerfile`](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-python-basic/blob/main/docker/Dockerfile)

> 1. The `devfile.yaml` file has an [`image-build` component](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-python-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L21-L27) that points to your `Dockerfile`.

Author: already done :1st_place_medal:

2. The [`docker/Dockerfile`](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-python-basic/blob/main/docker/Dockerfile) contains the instructions you need to build the code sample as a container image.

> 3. The `devfile.yaml` [`kubernetes-deploy` component](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-python-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L28-L41) points to a `deploy.yaml` file that contains instructions for deploying the built container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The `devfile.yaml` [`kubernetes-deploy` component](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-python-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L31-L44) points to a `deploy.yaml` file that contains instructions for deploying the built container image.
```

Author: already done

> 4. The `devfile.yaml` [`deploy` command](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-python-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L43-L56) completes the [outerloop](https://devfile.io/docs/2.2.0/innerloop-vs-outerloop) deployment phase by pointing to the `image-build` and `kubernetes-deploy` components to create your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The `devfile.yaml` [`deploy` command](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-python-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L46-L59) completes the [outerloop](https://devfile.io/docs/2.2.0/innerloop-vs-outerloop) deployment phase by pointing to the `image-build` and `kubernetes-deploy` components to create your application.
```

Author: done!
